
    NaCl: Networking and Cryptography library (pronounced "salt")


    This directory contains a freely distributable thread-safe extension to Tcl/Tk called nacl.


SYSNOPSIS

    NaCl (pronounced "salt") is a new easy-to-use high-speed software library for
    network communication, encryption, decryption, signatures, etc. NaCl's goal is
    to provide all of the core operations needed to build higher-level cryptographic
    tools.

    Of course, other libraries already exist for these core operations. NaCl advances
    the state of the art by improving security, by improving usability, and by
    improving speed.

    For information on how to use these commands, see the examples, hints and the home
    pages at https://tcl.sowaswie.de/repos/fossil/nacl.
    

GETTING THE CODE

    The development repository is hosted at https://tcl.sowaswie.de/repos/fossil/nacl
    You are encouraged to use trunk.


COMPILING nacl

    Go to the main directory and invoke the configure script:
    
        ./configure
	make
        make test
        make install

    Since nacl is TEA-compatible you should be able to build it using the MinGW build
    environment for Windows. There is also the MSVC nmake file so you can compile the
    package with Microsoft tools.  Refer to the README in the win directory for more
    details about building on Windows.

    The compile process will build the nacl shared library suitable for loading into
    the Tcl shell using standard "package require" mechanism.


REPORTING BUGS

    Please head to https://tcl.sowaswie.de/repos/fossil/nacl/ticket and
    click on "New Ticket". Log in as anonymous and report your findings.
    If you prefer to have an individual login write Alex a mail.


HISTORY

    The core NaCl development team consists of Daniel J. Bernstein (University of
    Illinois at Chicago and Technische Universiteit Eindhoven), Tanja Lange (Technische
    Universiteit Eindhoven), and Peter Schwabe (Radboud Universiteit Nijmegen).

    The nacl tcl packge was started by Alexander Schoepe (alx.tcl@sowaswie.de).

